Update generic.md (#1615)
EddieHubCommunity/support: youtube/generic.md

## Youtube Channel

> Don’t forget to support my channel by subscribing it! It’s free: https://www.youtube.com/eddiejaoude?sub_confirmation=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t forget to support the channel by subscribing it! It’s free: https://www.youtube.com/eddiejaoude?sub_confirmation=1
```
I think phrasing it like this is more humble?

**Make sure to tell your friends about it, so that they also learn something new!**

## Youtube Shorts
I have another youtube channel for short clips, please **take a moment subscribing it: https://www.youtube.com/eddiejaoudetv**

## Join Our Community

> Join our inclusive open source community EddieHub now for **free** at http://eddiehub.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join our inclusive open source community EddieHub now for **free** at https://eddiehub.org
```
I think that site has `https`. Linking to secure links is generally better

Reviewer 2: Nope https doesn't work here 😐

Make sure to checkout my website and sign up to our community **newsletter**: http://eddiejaoude.io for my live stream + video schedule and community calls

Join Our **Community GitHub Organisation**:

> - Go to https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/choose 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/new/choose 
```
I think the `choose` route is under `new`
OR Maybe we can link to the `Invite Me to the org` template directly? -> https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/new?assignees=&labels=invite+me+to+the+organisation&template=invitation.md&title=Please+invite+me+to+the+GitHub+Community+Organization

- Choose The Issue Type Of **Invite Me To The Organisation**
- Open The Issue

> - You get a invite to the community by our GitHub Action 🎉

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You get an invitation to the community by our GitHub Action 🎉
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> ## Thanks To Sponsors

Reviewer: Maybe this can be a **BIG** thank you?

> ## Big Thanks To Sponsors

Reviewer: Perhaps we can mention `Github Sponsors`, in order to convey the platform of sponsorship?

- Stephen Mount http://github.com/stemount
- Nicholas Carrigan https://github.com/nhcarrigan
- Santosh Yadav https://github.com/santoshyadavdev
- Andrew Cunliffe https://github.com/andrew-cunliffe
- Alexander Stoichkov https://github.com/SashoStoichkov
- Allan Regush https://github.com/AllanRegush

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Social Media

> Follow My **Social Media For Behind The Scenes Footage**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow on socials for behind the scenes footage and more... Join discord to continue the conversation...
```
In my opinion, the older phrasing sounded a bit better than the boldified "Social media for being the scenes footage". Moreover, the socials have more stuff than just behind the scenes

> - Website: http://eddiejaoude.io 

Reviewer: Maybe we should use `https` links?

- Website: https://www.eddiejaoude.io 
- GitHub: https://github.com/eddiejaoude
- Youtube: https://youtube.com/eddiejaoude
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/eddiejaoude
- Instagram: https://instagram.com/eddiejaoude
- Linkedin: https://linkedin.com/in/eddiejaoude
- GitHub Community Org: https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity

> - GitHub: https://www.github.com/eddiejaoude

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we need the `www` for all the links(except `https://www.eddiehub.org` and `https://www.eddiejaoude.io/`). Linking directly via the domain tends to be more shorter.
(thoughts?)

Author: I think someone asked me turn all the links into www

I have another youtube channel for short clips, please **take a moment subscribing it: https://www.youtube.com/eddiejaoudetv**

## Join Our Community

> Join our inclusive open source community EddieHub now for **free** at https://eddiehub.org

Reviewer 3: @krishdevdb the above link too cintains *www*

Reviewer 3: > @krishdevdb the above link too cintains _www_

@krishdevdb better change every link https://eddiehub.org in the doc to https://www.eddiehub.org/

## Big Thanks To Sponsors

- Stephen Mount https://www.github.com/stemount
- Nicholas Carrigan https://www.github.com/nhcarrigan
- Santosh Yadav https://www.github.com/santoshyadavdev
- Andrew Cunliffe https://www.github.com/andrew-cunliffe
- Alexander Stoichkov https://www.github.com/SashoStoichkov
- Allan Regush https://www.github.com/AllanRegush

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Social Media
Follow on socials for behind the scenes footage and more.

- Website: https://www.eddiejaoude.io 
- GitHub: https://www.github.com/eddiejaoude
- Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/eddiejaoude
- Twitter: https://www.twitter.com/eddiejaoude
- Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/eddiejaoude
- Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/eddiejaoude
- GitHub Community Org: https://www.github.com/EddieHubCommunity

## Next

> Join Our Conversation At Discord: https://www.discord.eddiehub.org/

Reviewer 3: @krishdevdb The discord link doesn't contains _www_

## Social Media
Follow on socials for behind the scenes footage and more.

> - Website: https://eddiejaoude.io 

Reviewer 3: @krishdevdb oops, this is the link -
https://www.eddiehub.org as mentioned by @Vyvy-vi earlier

Author: I guess I forgot this 😅 Fixing It
